Enable highlighting of active page button and refactor `accordion.build()` (#74)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/changelog.d/20230928_143738_nadija_ratkusic_graca_highlight_active_accordion_item.md

<!--
A new scriv changelog fragment.

Uncomment the section that is right (remove the HTML comment wrapper).
-->

<!--
### Removed

- A bullet item for the Removed category.

-->
<!--
### Added

- A bullet item for the Added category.

-->
<!--
### Changed

- A bullet item for the Changed category.

-->
<!--
### Deprecated

- A bullet item for the Deprecated category.

-->

### Fixed

> - Fixed highlighting for active accordion item and arranged a setup to maintain the expanded state of the parent accordion item when page is active. ([#74](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/74))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add highlighting of accordion of selected page and change the collapsible default behavior of accordion. ([#74](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/74))
```
